Let's dive into daemonic to basics by creating a new ionic to project horridus I navigate it into a
folder where I want to create this project and then I again use the Seelye with the start command to
create a new project.
Then the name of this project and I will simply name it ironic to basics and thereafter I will use Lanc.
Now we didn't use that for this extra argument here with blank.
I'm defining that I wouldn't use a blank template if you admitted you get this default starter template
you saw before you could also use tabs to get an average tap's template.
But again I will use blank to not have an empty application.
It will have the default structure.
The app component and so on but it won't have multiple pages.
It won't have tabs and that is exactly what I want to start with.
Also don't forget to add dash dash to create an eye on it to app with that hit enter.
And this application will get created and I'll be back.
Once it's done the project was created and I opened it again in web store and with that I'll open up
a terminal.
And this is a normal terminal window just integrated into my ID and I can run Iyonix serve in there
to well start this application and to serve it again to compile and watch for any changes and then show
it in the browser.
So after this is finished I'll open it up again in the browser is device testing mode here.
And this is the blank template.
We start with as you can see it's not empty but it doesn't have any tabs.
It's much leaner than the average template the starter template we used before.
So now in the next texture I want to quickly walk you through all those folders and files or Fruita
most important ones at least.
And they're off there.
I want to explain on how would such iconic application starts how it is connected to a normal angler
to application